
When using Power Pages to create websites, makers can help to streamline this process by using Copilot to help create various parts of a website through natural language instructions. Copilot can be used to do things such as create a new site or amend an existing site.

Items you can do with Copilot in Power Pages include: 

- Create a relevant website copy and provide image suggestions for a webpage.

- Retrieve protected website content for authenticated users and public website content for anonymous users.

- Create forms and Dataverse tables.


### Use Copilot to create a website

The easiest way to get started using Copilot is to use it to help with creating a website. You provide a description of the site you want to build, or you can select a suggested description of the site. 

Descriptions might include something like the following: 

- Build a website for public transportation for residents of a city to view routes and fares.

- Create a site for customers to help find financial advisors at a bank based on their qualifications and areas of expertise.

:::image type="content" source="../media/06-describe-power-pages-13.png" alt-text="Screenshot that shows how to have Copilot create a Power Pages site for you by providing a description of the site you want to create.":::

Based on the description that you provide, copilot generates a site name and web address. You can make any necessary modifications to these suggestions before moving to the next step. 

:::image type="content" source="../media/06-describe-power-pages-14.png" alt-text="Screenshot showing the generated site name and URL provided by Copilot during the design process.":::

Copilot generates a home page layout, through which you can scroll. If you don't like the layout that was generated, you can select **Try again** and Copilot generates a new layout. 

:::image type="content" source="../media/06-describe-power-pages-15.png" alt-text="Screenshot that shows how you can modify the site layout using Copilot during the design process.":::

Copilot generates other pages that could be used in the site based on the description. Describe one or more pages and select **Done** to complete the site creation.

:::image type="content" source="../media/06-describe-power-pages-16.png" alt-text="Screenshot that allows a maker to add additional pages to their site using Copilot.":::

Once your site is created, you can manually go back and modify any of the content generated by Copilot to better fit your need at any point. Additionally, you can continue to use Copilot to make site modifications by describing what you want to modify. 