While support channels, such as chat and social media, are becoming increasingly popular, many different scenarios exist where customers prefer to engage over traditional voice channels. Interactive Voice Response (IVR) is an automated phone system technology that allows incoming callers to access information through a voice response system of different prerecorded messages without needing to speak to an agent. It's been used in call centers for several years to help direct incoming customers to the correct department or specialist.

Traditionally, bots that are created in Microsoft Copilot Studio have been used to provide support on text-based support channels such as chat, text, or social media. However, you can enable any Microsoft Copilot Studio bot for voice support. Essentially, you can use your bot to provide support on the text channels, and you can use that same bot when someone engages your organization through a voice channel. The bot will communicate with the customer by using natural language understanding, meaning that the customer is doing more than following a series of voice prompts. They can have a conversation with the bot as they would have with a live agent. 

Microsoft Copilot Studio lets you create powerful AI-powered chatbots that can assist with a range of requests, from providing simple answers to common questions, to resolving issues that require complex conversations. One advantage to Microsoft Copilot Studio is that you can create bots without the need for data scientists or developers. This factor can help dramatically reduce the amount of time that it takes an organization to deploy a bot solution. 

The rest of this module will examine the process of setting up a Microsoft Copilot Studio bot for voice capabilities. 
